but bigger the better first of all big
action big visual effects this is a
big-screen movie I like right in my face
what better than Ryan Reynolds right
here so gross a lot of artists have
worked their ass off to really make it
work in big scale you get a bigger
screen for bigger lives a grand
presentation that Marvel movies are
comedy for me works better in that way
funny it's full of action it's really
hot so it's an antic and full of okay
Deadpool 2 was like the Canadian version
of couples retreat with slightly less
Malin Akerman more like sugar raise
every morning but with slightly more
mark McGrath stop making out of contact
with me we're pushing the boundaries to
grab the fresh air it makes me laugh
every time I see it collapsing to the
floor how funny it is
it's like a family film it but don't
take your kids
[Music]